Sun Shangming was killed by me
Such an important funeral
How can I be missing mine?
Report
You are Lu Ran
Exactly.
I'm the person you're looking for.
Hahahaha
Not bad. Not bad.
How do you want to die?
Trying to kill me?
I'm afraid you don't have the ability
Sun Warrior
Your Sun family ancestor
Well, it's a well-known family
But on such a large technical issue
How could you be so confused?
Business knows no bounds.
It's right that no one wants to do it
But you shouldn't
Such an important foundation should not be entrusted to
You know our age
The most hated thing is
Bug, we are just a normal business partnership.
It has nothing to do with the nation
Is this your place to speak?